[MOB-3622] - 🎉 Unifying native SDKs initialization (#356)
Instabug/Instabug-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## Master

> * Adds initializing android sdk from using `Instabug.start` instead of inside the application class

Reviewer: I think we should add more details here. Are users updating to this version going to need to change anything?

## Master

> **⚠️ If you are using android, please make sure to follow the migration guide [here](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/blob/master/README.md#updating-to-version-863)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**⚠️ If you are using Android, please make sure to follow the migration guide [here](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/blob/master/README.md#updating-to-version-863)**
```

> * Adds initializing android sdk from using `Instabug.start` instead of inside the application class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now initialize Instabug on Android by calling `Instabug.start` from Javascript, instead of calling the builder method from the application class.
```
